Add release note for bug fix for iterator over file sinks (#19180)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/releases/v24.1/v24.1.5.md

- Fixed a bug where the [`require_explicit_primary_keys` session variable]({% link v24.1/session-variables.md %}#require-explicit-primary-keys) would aggressively prevent all [`CREATE TABLE`]({% link v24.1/create-table.md %}) statements from working. [#129907][#129907]
- Fixed a slow-building memory leak when using [Kerberos authentication]({% link v24.1/gssapi_authentication.md %}). [#130318][#130318]
- Fixed a potential memory leak in [changefeeds]({% link v24.1/change-data-capture-overview.md %}) using a [cloud storage sink]({% link v24.1/changefeed-sinks.md %}#cloud-storage-sink). The memory leak could occur if both the cluster settings [`changefeed.fast_gzip.enabled`]({% link v24.1/cluster-settings.md %}#setting-changefeed-fast-gzip-enabled) and [`changefeed.cloudstorage.async_flush.enabled`]({% link v24.1/cluster-settings.md %}) are set to `true` and the changefeed received an error while attempting to write to the cloud storage sink. [#130626][#130626]

> - Fixed a bug that prevented buffered file sinks from being included when iterating over all file sinks. This led to problems such as the `debug zip` command not being able to fetch logs for a cluster where buffering was enabled. [#130158][#130158]

Reviewer: suggestion for all versions:
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that incorrectly excluded buffered file sinks when iterating over all file sinks. This led to problems such as the `debug zip` command not being able to fetch logs for a cluster where buffering was enabled. [#130158][#130158]
```
